(intense music)
You're going awfully fast.
(labored breathing)
Once we reach the Land of Fire,
then the end of your mission
is finally gonna be in sight.
[Shinki] We can't let
our guard down yet.
Yeah, well, there's no
need to be so uptight.
Anyway, I wonder how
Boruto's doing right now.
(water whooshing)
(chuckles)
[Urashiki] First it's tag,
now it's hide-and-seek.
It's pointless to struggle,
so why don't you just hand
the One Tail over to me now?
[Boruto Voiceover] I've
gotta buy some time
until Shinki reaches
the Leaf with Shukaku.
(cracking)
Come on, you must know
that it's useless to hide,
Boruto Uzumaki.
(Opening Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
(groans)
(blades hissing)
Halt.
(groans)
(blade hisses)
You're in the Land of Fire.
Entering our territory
without authorization
from the Leaf is prohibited.
Hey, wait, you're
Lord Kazekage's-
I do not wish to fight you.
Lord Kazekage sent
me on a mission
to see Lord Hokage.
Mission?
What are the details?
I can only tell Lord Hokage.
Not gonna happen.
Now, start talking.
Sorry, I can't discuss
this with anyone
ranked lower than a Jonin.
[Sai] Well, maybe
you can tell me.
[Mirai] Mr. Sai, I thought
that you were on vacation.
I was, and it was fun.
But once I returned,
Lord Seventh asked me
to head to the Land of Wind.
There's been no
contact from Sasuke,
so I was on my way
to investigate.
I know you from
the Chunin Exams.
Yes, but tell me, why do you
need to see Lord Seventh?
I see.
[Shinki] The
Otsutsuki's currently
being distracted by a decoy.
Go and make contact
with border security.
Tell them to be on high alert.
[Underlings] Yes, sir.
[Sai] I'll bring
Shukaku to Lord Seventh.
Mirai and Shinki,
please stand by here.
Right.
(sighs)
Hmm.
(whooshing)
(whirring)
-(explosions blasting)
-(yelling)
(groaning)
Oh, no!
It's a clone?
(whirring)
(groaning)
I can't move.
[Urashiki] It can't be.
(Boruto gasps)
(Boruto groans)
(shattering)
You tricked me.
So, the other boy
has the real one.
Is that it?
(chuckles) Shukaku's
probably hanging out
with my dad right about now.
-Too bad for you, huh?
-(punching)
(groans)
Well, it seems
from your reaction
that you're not a clone.
[Boruto] Why, you.
[Urashiki] Since
it's come to this,
-(punching)
-(Boruto groans)
it seems that I have no choice
but to use you as a hostage.
Yeah, right.
No way will I let
myself be your hostage.
Unfortunately, that's
not for you to decide.
I'm completely certain
that Naruto Uzumaki
will agree to trade
me what I want
in exchange for your life.
(chuckles) Doubt it.
You see, shinobi aren't
swayed by stuff like that.
Oh?
Then let's test
that out, shall we?
We'll just see whether
he's swayed or not
when he looks upon your
battered and broken body.
(Boruto groans)
Hmm. (chuckles)
I'll extract just enough chakra
to keep you barely alive.
(Boruto winces)
All right, this fight is over.
-(Boruto chuckles)
-(whooshing)
-(yelling)
(laughs) It's impressive of you
to put your real
body in harm's way,
but it's such a shame.
(winces)
This time it's really
over, for good!
-(whooshing)
-(Boruto groans)
-What?
-(whirring)
(Boruto groans)
Huh?
(rock music)
Shinki!
Hold on, why are you here?
(Shinki grunts)
(groaning)
I don't get it.
Why'd you come back?
I've ensured that
Master Shukaku is safe.
So, I completed my mission.
(crumbling)
Which means now I'm free
to do whatever I please.
(Boruto chuckles)
Well, all right, let's
leave it at that.
(cracking)
Damn it.
Hey, uh, you can promise me
that you're gonna handle
this fight rationally, right?
[Shinki] No.
-I can't.
-Huh?
Wow, that's not like you.
Yeah, I wonder
whose fault that is.
[Boruto] Huh?
I accomplished my mission,
but still I don't
feel satisfied.
That's all.
(crumbling)
(chuckles)
I don't know if we can
really bring him down,
but still, together I bet we
can get some good hits in.
[Boruto] Yeah!
(water whooshing)
I'd say that just one
hostage will be sufficient,
so let's get rid of the
unnecessary one now.
(crackling)
(whirring)
-(rock music)
-(Urashiki groans)
(Boruto grunts)
Black Iron Wings!
He's gone!
Huh? (groans)
He traveled through a
different dimension.
Well, that's inconvenient.
(groans)
(groaning loudly)
(yelling)
(wincing)
(high-pitched whooshing)
(slow music)
[Boruto] I've felt
this sensation before.
(both groan)
That looks like...
So, you have the Jougan.
That's a very troublesome eye.
Is that true?
(whirring)
(groaning)
Huh?
(Boruto groans)
(Urashiki yells)
Does this mean that you can tell
where he's going to appear?
Guess so.
If we can just get him to go
into the other dimension again-
Even if you do know
where I'm going to be,
you still have no
chance of defeating me.
(exciting music)
(groans)
(both yelling)
[Boruto] There!
This is nothing to me!
(groans)
I bet you can't tell which
one of us is the real one.
It doesn't matter which one
if I destroy all of you.
You're too late!
Black Iron Fist! (groans)
(yells)
Rasengan!
Did we get him?
(labored breathing)
(groans) That hurt.
I didn't expect quite
so much out of you.
You're dead.
If you hadn't come
back to help me out,
you wouldn't have had to go
through all of this, you know?
I came back to beat him.
I didn't come back
for your sake.
(chuckles) I should've known.
Man, you make me mad.
(chuckles)
-And now say goodbye!
-(whirring)
(zapping)
[Boruto] Sasuke!
Just how did you get here?
Well, somebody kept opening up
and closing Time-Space,
so I was able to
pinpoint this location.
-(growling)
-(whooshing)
Chidori!
What?
He disappeared?
But not into Time-Space.
(groans)
I'm out of chakra.
Guess I can't pursue him.
Nice one, Sasuke.
-Glad you're okay.
-(tumbling)
(slow music)
(chuckles)
(groans)
Where am I now?
Lord Kazekage.
(sobbing) Oh, thank goodness.
(creaking)
Man, that did not feel good.
Although, it looks
like I made it.
Guess using my secret
weapon wasn't too smart.
Hey!
Look, there!
Lady Temari.
Lord Shikadai.
(groaning)
They're both safe.
Hurry now, let's
tend to their wounds.
No, wait.
First, what about Kankuro?
Don't worry, he's
completely safe.
Another platoon found him
just a little while ago.
Oh, good.
So, your son acted as the decoy,
and that's the main
reason I made it here!
You gotta do something, quick!
Who would've imagined that
all this stuff was going on.
Shikamaru, I'm going to
go to the scene right now.
-Take care of things here.
-(door opens)
-There's no need.
-Huh?
Sasuke.
It's been three days,
but there's still no
sign of the Otsutsuki.
We don't know when or
where he'll appear,
and then there's the
whole Tailed Beast issue.
We must discuss this
with the other Kage.
You're right.
We should call for
a Five Kage Summit.
I am indebted to Boruto.
So, please, will you
thank him for me?
Sure thing.
Although, we also caused
you a lot of trouble.
Boruto is just like you,
and yet, different, too.
He's smarter than
you were at that age.
What?
(groans) Come on, that's
not true, you know?
(sighs)
[Boruto] But in the end,
Urashiki got away from us.
Still, Shukaku made it
to Lord Seventh safely,
and everyone's still alive.
Honestly, I'd say that's
a really good outcome.
But even more importantly,
do you think that you're ready
for the scolding you're
gonna get from your mom?
You lied about leaving, right?
(Boruto gasps)
Oh, don't come crying to me.
You even lied to
Himawari this time,
and that's not cool.
Uh, anyway, I guess I'll
go and pay Shinki a visit.
[Shikadai] Shinki?
He already left the hospital.
What?
It happened while
you were resting.
Shinki was discharged and
Uncle Gaara came by to get him.
(groans) Come on!
He didn't even
say goodbye to me?
[Shikadai] They're taking
the afternoon Thunder Train.
(groans) Dammit, that
train is supposed
to leave really soon.
(breathing heavily)
Be careful, okay?
I hope you'll come back soon.
You can come and visit
Boruto any time you want.
Okay.
All right.
Well, I gotta get going.
I'm sorry, I can't
stay to see you off.
-No worries.
-(whooshing)
Good job delivering Shukaku
here safely, Shinki.
Yes, the mission was successful.
But still...
I don't get what it is you
were trying to tell me, Father.
Boruto has something that
you don't possess just yet.
I'm sure you'll come
to learn what it is.
I didn't learn anything
from him at all.
Emotions are practically
everything to him.
(chuckling)
He's simply naive.
Without the power he
needs to back him up,
he'll lose both his
friends and his missions.
That's why I'm going
to prove it to him.
The path I walk ensures no
loss of friends and no regrets.
[Boruto] Shinki!
(breathing heavily)
Just what do you want?
Hey, man, if you're
gonna leave then tell me!
And why should I do that?
When you leave you
should at least
say goodbye to a friend!
Take care, okay?
Next time you come to the
Leaf I'll show you around.
[Shinki] You take care, too.
Do your best not to die.
Huh?
(chuckles)
(train whistling)
See you again soon, Shinki.
(Closing Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
(exciting music)
How long are you gonna stay
in that tea kettle, Shukaku?
[Shukaku] That's
what I wanna know.
That damn fox just
made fun of me!
[Naruto] I'm sorry.
It's just to keep you safe.
You're gonna be staying
with me for a while.
[Shukaku] I don't like
being under the same roof
as that damn fox!
[Himawari] It's a
talking Shukaku!
[Boruto] Next time on "Boruto
Naruto Next Generations",
"Shukaku's Trick".
[Shukaku] Not bad.
I could use this to
figure out his weakness.
(singing in Japanese)